fs: make `open` and `close` stream override optional when unused (#40013)
nodejs/node: doc/api/fs.md

<!-- YAML
added: v0.1.31
changes:
  - version: REPLACEME
    pr-url: https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/40013

>     description: The `fs` option do not need `open` method if a `fd` was provided.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    description: The `fs` option does not need `open` method if an `fd` was provided.
```

ditto in the other yaml entries below

By providing the `fs` option, it is possible to override the corresponding `fs`
implementations for `open`, `read`, and `close`. When providing the `fs` option,

> override for `read` is required. If no `fd` is provided, override for `open` is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
an override for `read` is required. If no `fd` is provided, an override for `open` is
```

> also requried. If `autoClose` is `true`, override for `close` is also required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
also requried. If `autoClose` is `true`, an override for `close` is also required.
```

By providing the `fs` option, it is possible to override the corresponding `fs`
implementations for `open`, `read`, and `close`. When providing the `fs` option,
an override for `read` is required. If no `fd` is provided, an override for

> `open` is also requried. If `autoClose` is `true`, an override for `close` is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`open` is also required. If `autoClose` is `true`, an override for `close` is
```
